this commentary is brought to you by the
new Steven Spielberg series smash a
television series about dreaming big and
becoming a star the full complete pilot
of this show created by the master of
cinema Spielberg is now online and you
can see it first by clicking on the link
in the description below that's right
just click on the link in the
description to be one of the few that
gets to see this show before it goes to
TV after clicking the link if you want
more Spielberg you can subscribe to
their page and leave a comment letting
them know that I sent you hey guys
what's going on it's lefty from 643
productions coming at you here with a
modern warfare 3 team deathmatch
gameplay commentary here i am in the map
c-town using the KSG 12 shotgun this
gameplay is part of the quack clan
revival tour coming to a team deathmatch
server near you now I want to talk with
you guys today about helping out
youtubers a lot of you hopefully a lot
of you watch a lot of different YouTube
videos from a lot of different video
creators out there and maybe you even
have a few favorites and maybe you've
you've left a comment because I CL see
it a lot of my videos and first of all I
want to say I'm very thankful to
everybody that has ever said this about
wanting to help me out and being so
gracious as to as to come back on every
bit video and in leaving positive
feedback and liking and favoriting and
and all that stuff I am very very
thankful to those of you that that
helped me out even those of you that do
it when you don't think I deserve it
just because you want to help me out and
you and you want to see me grow and you
want to see this channel grow and
prosper I thank you all very much but a
lot of you I've seen a lot of that kind
of commenting on my videos and that kind
of stigma surrounding my videos in my
channel and I have to assume that it's
that it's rather similar on other
channels throughout YouTube that a lot
of people have favorite commenters
commentators and commenters commentators
that they want to see prosper and they
want to see thrive and they and they
want to help out in every way they care
in any way they can and I want to
provide to you guys as some ideas on how
to do that on how to do more
then just watch the videos and watching
the videos is huge don't get me wrong
watching the videos is a huge part of
what we do and without you guys without
watching the videos we would be nowhere
and you are perfectly within your right
to say while I'm watching the videos and
that's help enough you know it did
you're damn right on that one you you
watch the damn videos and and that's
helped enough but for though this is for
those of you out there that want to do a
little bit more for instance take me I'm
trying to get a brand new computer that
I can do so much more with that I can
stream HD that I can make more and
better videos on and bring you guys just
all the content that I can every single
day and in order to do that I need money
obviously we live in a monetary world
and in order to Dubai and accrue goods
this specifically the Parts I need for
this computer I need to make a little
bit of money and I need people to help
me out and so if you guys want i'm doing
this this thing with smash there's a
link in the description just at the very
top of the description if you want to
and you want to help me out i would
greatly appreciate it if you clicked on
the link and open a link in the new tab
and just go you don't necessarily have
to go watch and watch everything that
they do it's just it's something to help
me out and if you guys want to do that
again i would be greatly appreciative
this is something to get me closer to
that brand new computer that I that I
need really because this this one I'm
working on now has already has bios
issues and it's all man it's getting bad
it's on its last legs even though it's
less than or just over a year old but
there's there's more things that you
guys can do again if you want to open a
new tab if you want to click on the link
at one time or however many times you
want to I'm not telling you but if you
want to do that again it would greatly
help me out and I would greatly
appreciate it but there are other things
that you can do out there with your
favorite youtuber then that are a little
bit more subtle and and it does again it
doesn't have to be me I've said this on
videos about how to about propelling
I've done a few videos in my early on my
career about propelling your favorite
youtuber onward and you know it doesn't
have to be me this is not me saying hey
hey you know wink wink nudge nudge do
this to every single video of mine oh
well if you like me okay if I'm your
favorite okay if not okay
this is this is again a something that's
meant to help out a wider range of
people than myself but number one first
and foremost this is something that I
think a lot of people maybe not maybe
aren't aware of and then it maybe hasn't
occurred to them but number one first
and foremost come back to the channel
your favorite channel or your favorite
few channels come back regularly your
your favorite youtuber may not upload
videos every day and they may not have a
regular upload schedule but if you come
back to their channel if you come back
to their videos every single day to
check to see if they have uploaded
something new you are less likely to
miss videos and you argue are going to
give them views and you are going to be
able to watch and comment and like and
favorite and do all those things on all
their videos because you are less likely
again to miss out on any content they
may have uploaded so even if your
favorite commenter or commentator damn
it I did it again even if your favorite
commentator doesn't upload multiple
videos a day but in the case that they
do regardless coming back every day is a
great way to help out your favorite
youtuber again it's not it's not the
most lavish it's not very flashy it's
not like saying hey I clicked on the
link in the description that you wanted
me to check out to help you out or you
know I opened up 20 or 40 new tabs with
that link it's not as flashy as that but
it definitely will help out a few number
two is watch everything even if
something even if it's something that
you may not be aware of or you may not
be interested in first of all watching
the video again we all know watching
videos helps people out and second of
all it may be something it may broaden
your horizons you may think oh man I
wasn't I wasn't originally thinking
about watching this video but now that
I've watched it I've really gained an
interest in what this guy is talking
about about what's coming up coming out
and and I'm gonna watch ever more of
these videos and again Oh get you more
in tune with that video makers content
and number three and this is this is
something again you know a lot of people
talk about asking for likes and
favorites and they say all asking for
likes and favorites is bad yada yada
yada here's my thing liking and
favoriting and commenting and all that
stuff it may seem trivial trivial to you
and it may seem trivial in the apples
absolute like 01 like isn't really going
to
one favorite isn't really going to do
anything but here's my point don't be
shy don't be shy you don't have to like
and favorite everything but don't be shy
with liking and favoriting and
commenting because regardless of whether
you may know it that does help out your
favorite youtuber may help out a little
bit it may help out a lot it may not
help at all you don't know but I say
don't be shy that again that doesn't
mean go to every single video you've
ever seen from the guy and like and
favorite it up that doesn't mean that
but don't be shy if you think I well
this is this is a pretty good video give
it a like that's what it's there for and
it will help out your favorite youtuber
much more than you will possibly ever
know but anyway guys that's my time I
got to get out of here thank you for
joining I hope you enjoyed be sure to
drop a like on this video if you did
enjoy see there you go and also check
the description for that link if you
want to click on it click on it again I
would greatly appreciate it it would
greatly help me out thank you guys for
joining I hope you enjoyed I am out